# Folder Structure

Main and important folders inside the project and their descriptions follows:

```plaintext
|-> cmd
|-> config
|-> data
|-> docs
|-> internal
  |-> api
  |-> db
  |-> h
  |-> hash
  |-> logs
  |-> middlewares
  |-> pagination
  |-> search
  |-> upload
  |-> validation
|-> minio
|-> tmp
|-> typesense-data
```

## Explanation

### cmd

- Main entries are located inside this folder.
- Each subfolder contains a `main.go` file that can be run independently.
- Each command does different things and they are explained in other documentation files.

### config

- Contains config initialization code, dev default values, and constants to access these values.

### data

- Folder to put your various data files (csv, json, etc.) that will be utilized by some commands/scripts.
- This folder and it's `.gitkeep` file is checked into the version control system, but nothing else in this folder should be checked into vcs.

### docs

- You can find Markdown files inside this folder that explains different aspects of the Horizon API.
- Start by reading `initial-setup.md` and continue to read as the way it is specified in that file.

### internal

- Main folder that contains the core logic of the API.
- You can think it as the `src` directory in many other languages/conventions.

### internal/api

- All HTTP specific code is inside this folder.
- API definition, server initialization, middlewares, handlers, route registers, etc.

### internal/db

- All database related code is inside this folder.
- Queries, type definitions, migrations, connection handler, DSN, etc.

### internal/h

- All helper/utility functions/types are located here.
- Most common example you will see is `h.Response[T]` type definition.

### internal/hash

- All hashing & password security codes are located here.
- Hash, verify, encode/decode, random byte generation, etc.

### internal/logs

- Different loggers are located here.
- Example: pterm, zap.

### internal/middlewares

- Custom middlewares and middleware helper function are located here.
- CORS, body parser, rate limiter, auth, sessions, etc.

### internal/pagination

- This package contains API pagination related logic.
- Getting pagination values, generating response, type definitions, etc.

### internal/search

- Typesense wrapper package.
- All the search related functionalities are located here.

### internal/upload

- MinIO wrapper package.
- All the file upload and buckets related codes are located here.

### internal/validation

- Contains a custom validator.

### minio

- Automatically generated by MinIO.
- Contains file uploads.
- Do not check in this folder to VCS.

### tmp

- Automatically generated by Air.
- Contains application binaries.
- Do not check in this folder to VCS.

### typesense-data

- Automatically generated by Typesense.
- Contains Typesense data.
- Do not check in this folder to VCS.
